all I have for you is a word
tenant it'll open the right doors some
of the wrong ones too
use it carefully to do what I do I need
some idea of the threat we face as I
understand it we're trying to prevent
World War 3 I'm not saying I'm again
[Music]
something was like I do you have an
interest in a certain Russian national
mics premium
long enough
you can communicate with the future
time travel no inversion a mitten poetry
you know shooting the bullet you're
catching it
what I've seen too much my well trying
keeper
your duty transcends national interests
this is about survival
seems mold
bold I'm fine with that thought you were
gonna say nuts
this is where
how would you like to die Oh
you chose the wrong profession
[Music]
I know that from here
hasn't happened yet
there are people in the future who need
us
I need tenant
we need to save them here and now
this reversing the flow of time wasn't
us being here now it never happened
you want to crash a plane but not from
the air no such master well how big a
plane that part is a little dramatic
you